hey hey hey check out the gift they got
for Todd it's a fake lotto card oh we
got on their fake I got a hot topic will
you join you scratch it and then it
tells you 150,000 bucks some shit like
that Larry oh my god
Todd is gonna know I know I know I know
screw him for missing my birthday this
year hey this could be great
No oh my god no way
what oh my god guys I'm sorry I said
don't tell sorry I told you guys this
but we just found that that she's
pregnant and we didn't know if we're
gonna keep the baby because of money
I got laid off last week you know what
that's Atlantic City truth win the money
back but didn't but it's okay you know I
mean cordoning dollars that's everything
everything's gonna be fine now you know
dude fin tell him tell me what Phil
congratulations that's a lot of money no
Phil tell him to fake heart it's a prank
card
no no look at the back through damn your
cash prize take this ticket it's your
local leprechaun this ticket is only
valid in your dreams
we're not gonna be able to keep the baby
Sarah's gonna leave me I'm sorry you
missed my birthday
[Music]